Update notifications doc (#1767)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/building-a-dbt-project/projects.md

1. Create a dbt Cloud account [here](https://cloud.getdbt.com/signup/). If your organization already has a dbt Cloud account, ask an admin to add you as a Developer.
2. If you created a new account, a new project should automatically be created. If you were added to an existing account:
    * Click the gear icon to the top right, then **Projects** under Account Settings.
    * Name your project, and click **Continue**. There's no need to fill in the other details.
3. Complete the project setup flow:
    * Connect to your <Term id="data-warehouse" />
    * Add a repository — either choose a managed repository, or connect to an existing, but bare, repository.

<Lightbox src="/img/dbt-cloud-project-setup-flow-next.png" title="dbt Cloud Project Setup flow" />

> 4. Click **Develop** in the top navigation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Click **Develop** in the top left.
```

> 5. Select **Initialize a project** to create your project. You should see a directory structure with `.sql` and `.yml` files that were generated by the `init` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. If this is the first time you are setting up this project, then select **Initialize a project** to create your project. You will see a directory structure with `.sql` and `.yml` files generated by running the `init` command.
```
